Harness status: OK

Found 55 tests

55 Pass
Pass	Test cookie domain attribute parsing
Pass	Return cookie for a domain match
Pass	No cookie returned for domain mismatch (subdomains differ post-redirect)
Pass	Return cookie for a domain match with leading '.'
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name and first level subdomain)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name and first level subdomain, with leading '.')
Pass	No cookie returned for domain mismatch (subdomains differ, with leading '.')
Pass	No cookie returned for domain mismatch when cookie was created (which would match after the redirect, with one subdomain level)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name, with leading '.')
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name)
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with double leading '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with subdomain followed by ..
Pass	Return cookie for a domain match with leading whitespace and '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with whitespace that surrounds a leading '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing '..'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing whitespace and '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value, with leading '.'
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value, with leading and trailing '.'
Pass	Return multiple cookies that match on domain (without and with leading '.')
Pass	Return multiple cookies that match on domain (with and without leading '.')
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute value between quotes
Pass	Return multiple cookies that match on subdomain and domain (without and with leading '.')
Pass	Return multiple cookies that match on domain and subdomain (with and without leading '.')
Pass	No cookie returned when domain attribute does not domain-match (and first does)
Pass	Return cookie for domain attribute match (first does not, but second does)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (with bizarre capitalization for domain attribute value)
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute value with port
Pass	No cookie returned for domain mismatch when cookie was created (which would match after the redirect, with two subdomain levels)
Pass	No cookie returned for cookie set on different domain (with no domain attribute)
Pass	Return cookie set with bare domain= attribute
Pass	Return cookie that domain-matches with bizarre-cased URL
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute mismatch (first attribute matches, but second does not)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (first attribute doesn't, but second does)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (first attribute matches, second doesn't, third does)
Pass	No cookie returned for domain attribute mismatch (first attribute doesn't, second does, third doesn't)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (with two identical domain attributes)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute a match for host name and second as suffix of host name)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute as suffix of host name and second a match for host name)
Pass	No cookie set on domain mismatch before a (domain matching) redirect
Pass	No cookie set on domain mismatch before a (domain matching) redirect (for second level subdomain)
Pass	Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute as suffix of host name and second a bare attribute)
Pass	Cookie returned for bare domain attribute following mismatched domain attribute (after redirect to same-origin page).
Pass	No cookie returned for domain mismatch (first attribute is a different subdomain and second is bare)
Pass	Cookies with same name, path, and domain (differing only in leading '.') overwrite each other ('.' second)
Pass	Cookies with same name, path, and domain (differing only in leading '.') overwrite each other ('.' first)
Pass	No cookie returned for domain with single dot ('.') value.
Pass	Return cookie with valid domain after domain with single dot ('.') value.
Pass	Empty domain treated as host cookie 1
Pass	Empty domain treated as host cookie 2
Pass	Empty domain treated as host cookie 3
Pass	No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 1
Pass	No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 2
Pass	No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 3